Why is there still this servant's old jade in this palace?
father-in-law
I want to send these five blessings over to make amends to the emperor
I wonder if my father-in-law can help me convey
The emperor is busy with business
I have no time to see the empress tonight
Old slave retire
If I hadn't picked up your bracelet today
I'm afraid the emperor said today
The life of the concubine was given by the emperor
Concubines dare not die
You dog slave
How dare you treat me like this?
The emperor and the old slave are wronged
After Empress Yuanping comes back
I don't know why I beat and scolded the old slave
Take it all out on the old slave
And the slaves who are extremely powerful hurt the hearts of the people
That's self-defense
Emperor, look